110 at the equator (won' ten at the ek way' tawr) - n. Any burning sensation experienced directly below the navel when putting on a pair of jeans straight from the dryer.
abzot (AB zaht) - n.  The device in a currency changer that determines whether a bill is too wrinkled or not.
accordionated (ah KOR de on ay tid) - adj. Being able to drive and refold a road map at the same time.
accordionated (ah kor' de on ay tid) - adj. Being able to drive and refold a road map at the same time.
aeroma (ayr OH ma) - n. The odor emanating from an exercise room after an aerobics workout.
aeroma (ayr oh' ma) - n. The odor emanating from an exercise room after an aerobics workout.
aeropalmics (ayr o PALM iks) - n. The study of wind resistance conducted by holding a cupped hand out the car
aeropalmics (ayr o palm' iks) - n. The study of wind resistance conducted by holding a cupped hand out the car window.
agonosis (ah uh no' sis) - n. The syndrome of tuning into &quot;Wide World of Sports&quot; every Saturday just to watch the skier rack himself.
airdirt (ayr' dirt) - n. A hanging plant that's been ignored for three weeks or more.
alponium (al PO nee um) - n. (chemical symbol: Ap) Initial blast of odor upon opening a can of dog food.
ambiportalous (am bih PORT ahl us) - adj. Possessing the uncanny knack for approaching a set of double doors and ALWAYS pushing the locked one.
anaception (an a SEP shun) - n. The body's ability to actually affect television reception by moving about the room.
anaception (an a sep' shun) - n. The body's ability to actually affect television reception by moving about the room.
antalixic (and a LIK sik) - n. One who passes over licorice jelly beans.
anticiparcellate (an ti si PAR sel ate) - v. Waiting until the mailman is several houses down the street before picking up the mail, so as not to appear too anxious.
anticiparcellate (an ti si par' sel ate) - v. Waiting until the mailman is several houses down the street before picking up the mail, so as not too appear too anxious.
aquadextrous (ak wa DEKS trus) - adj. Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes.
aquadextrous - adj. Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes.
aquadextrous adj. Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off with your toes.
aqualibrium (ak wa LIB re um) - n. The point where the stream of drinking fountain water is at its perfect height,
aqualibrium (ak wa lib' re um) - n. The point where the stream of drinking fountain water is at its perfect height, thus relieving the drinker from (a) having to suck the nozzle, or (b) squirting himself in the eye.
arachnidiot (ar ak NI di ot) - n. A person, who, having wandered into an "invisible" spider web begins gyrating and flailing about wildly.
arachnidiot (ar ak ni' di ot) - n. A person, who, having wandered into an "invisible" spider web, begins gyrating and flailing about wildly.
attrinyl (a TRY nil) - n. (chemical symbol: At) A black, bulletproof, totally inflexible type of plastic, used primarily in covers of pay phone directories.
attrinyl (a try' nil) - n. (chemical symbol: At) A black, bulletproof, totally inflexible type of plastic, used primarily in covers of pay phone directories.
b+ stampede (bee' plus stam peed) - n. The attempt by half the classroom to claim the paper with no name on it.
backspackle (bak' spak uhl) - n. Markings on the back of one's shirt from riding a fenderless bicycle.
backspackle n. The marks one get on his back when riding through a puddle on a fenderless bicycle. 
baldage (bald' aj) - n. The accumulation of hair in the drain after showering.
bandile (BAN dyl) - n. The thin red strip one pulls to release a Band-Aid.
barfaroma =  The stink that eminates from a person immediately after he has thrown up.
bargarcs (BAR jarks) - n. The streaks on a car's windshield from faulty wipers.
bargue (bar' gyoo) - v. To whine, fuss, and complain a great deal while at the same time trying to get someone to see your point of view. Ex: The young child bargued with his father until his father gave in and let him stay up past his bedtime.
bathquake (BATH kwake) - n. The violent quake that rattles the entire house when the water faucet is turned to a certain point.
bazookacidal tendencies (bah zew' kuh sy dal ten' den seez) - n. The overwhelming desire of most individuals to reach out and pop the gigantic gum bubble billowing from someone's mouth.
beavo (bee' vo) - n. A pencil with teeth marks all over it.
begathon - n. A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so you won't have to watch commercials.
berbulation n. The obsessive act of opening and closing a
bevameter (BEV a meet uhr) - n. (a unit of measure) The distance a coaster, attached to the bottom of a wet glass, will travel before it falls back to earth.
bimp (bimp) - n. A blurry or &quot;double-edged&quot; felt-tip marker
bixplex (biks' pleks) - n. Psychological block in which a person cannot choose which color of disposable lighter to purchase.
bleemus (BLEE mus) - n. The disgusting film on the top of soups and cocoa that sit out for too long.
bleemus (blee' mus) - n. The dsigusting film on the top of soups and cocoa that sit out for too long.
blibula (BLIH byu luh) - n. The spot on a dog's stomach which, when rubbed, causes his leg to rotate wildly.
blindelize (BLIN dul eyes) - v. To scratch an album beyond recognition trying to maneuver it over the record spindle.
blithwapping (BLITH wap ing) - v. Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, door stops, etc.
blithwapping - v. Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
blithwapping v. Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
blivett (BLIH vit) - v. To turn one's pillow over and over, looking for the cool spot.
blivett (blih' vit) - v. To turn one's pillow over and over, looking for the cool spot.
blooage (blew' ij) - n. The residue left on fingers after using an S.O.S pad.
blossor - n. The hair style one has after removing a baseball cap. 
blotch (blahch) - v. To slap the bottom of a catsup bottle with increasing intensity, ultimately resulting in a BLOTCHSLIDE.
blurfle (bler' ful) - v. To be caught talking at the top of one's lungs when the music at the bar or disco suddenly stops.
bobblogesture (bah blo JES cher) - n. The classroom activity of not knowing an answer but raising one's hand anyway (after determining a sufficient number of other people have also raised their hands, thus reducing the likelihood of actually being called on).
bomca (bahm' ka) - n. A lubricant derived from the salivary gland used for turning book pages.
boslum (BAHZ lum) - n. The small metal ring on a ballpoint pen that separates the top half (MELANEXUS) from the bottom half (MOOSTERUS).
bovilexia (bo vil EKS e uh) - n. The uncontrollable urge to lean out the car window and yell "Moo!!" every time you pass a cow.
bovilexia (bo vil eks' e uh) - n. The uncontrollable urge to lean out the car window and yell &quot;Moo!&quot; every time you pass a cow.
bowlikinetics (boh lih kih neh' tiks) - n. The act of trying to control a released bowling ball by twisting one's body in the direction one wants it to go.
brattled (BRAT uld) - adj. The unsettling feeling, at a stoplight, that the busload of kids that just pulled up beside you is making fun of you.
brattled (brat' uld) - adj. The unsettling feeling, at a stoplight, that the busload of kids that just pulled up beside you is making fun of you.
brattled adj. The unsettling feeling, at a stoplight, that the busload of kids that just pulled up beside you is making fun of you. 
brazel (brah' zul) - n. The scratch plate on a matchbook.
brimplet (BRIM plit) - n. A frayed shoelace that must be moistened to pass through a shoe eyelet.
brimplet (brim' plit) - n. A frayed shoelace that must be moistened to pass through a shoe eyelet.
brumby - n. The fake antique plastic seal on a pretentious whiskey bottle.
bucklint (BUCK lint) - n. The fine red and blue threads running through new dollar bills.
buculets (BUK u lets) - n. The bumper guards on the underside of a toilet seat.
bugpedal (bug' ped uhl) - v. To accelerate or decelerate rapidly in an attempt to remove a clinging insect from a car's windshield.
bumperglints (BUMP ur glintz) - n. The small reflective obstacles in the middle of interstate highways which supposedly keep drivers awake and on the track.
bumperglints (bump' ur glintz) - n. The small reflective obstacles in the middle of interstate highways which supposedly keep drivers awake and on track.
burbulation (ber byu LAY shun) - n. The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in an attempt to catch it before the little automatic light comes on.
burbulation - n. The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
burgacide - n. What you call the desperate action of a hamburger leaping to its death through the holes in the Bar-B-Q grill.
bursploot (BER sploot) - v. To position one's thumb at the end of a garden hose to increase the water pressure.
bursploot (ber' sploot) - v. To position one's thumb at the end of a garden hose to increase the pressure.
busblender (BUS blen dur) - v. The device at the front of the bus that tosses your fare around for awhile, then swallows it.
busblender (bus' blend dur) - n. The device at the front of the bus that tosses your fare around for a while, then swallows it. 
cabnicreep (KAB nih kreep) - n. The structural condition in which the closing of one kitchen cabinet causes another to open.
cabnicreep (kab' nih kreep) - n. The structural condition in which the closing of one kitchen cabinet causes another to open.
caffidget (ka fij' it) - v. To break up a Styrofoam coffee cup into several hundred pieces after consuming its contents.
carcreak - n. Those crackling, tinkling, creaky noises your car makes after you park and turn it off.
careena (ka REEN uh) - n. Any mangled or missing piece of highway guard rail.
careena (ka reen' uh) - n. Any mangled or missing piece of highway guard rail.
carperpetuation (KAR pur pet u a shun) - n. The act, when vacuuming, of running over a string or a piece of lint at least a dozen  times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it, then putting  it back down to give the vacuum ONE MORE CHANCE.
carperpetuation (kar' pur pet u a shun) - n. The act, when vacuuming, of running over a string at least a dozen times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it, then putting it back down to give the vacuum one more chance.
cereoallocative (ser e o AL o ka tuv) - adj. Describes the ability of a seasoned breakfast eater to establish a perfect cereal/banana ratio, assuring there will be at least one slice of banana left for the final spoonful of cereal.
cereoallocative (ser r o al' o ka tuv) - adj. Describes the ability of a seasoned breakfast eater to establish a perfect cereal/banana ratio, assuring there will be at least one slice of banana left for the final spoonful of cereal.
chalktrauma (CHAWK traw ma) - n. The body's reaction to someone running his fingernails down a chalkboard.
chalktrauma (chawk' traw ma) - n. The body's reaction to someone running his fingernails down a chalkboard.
charp (charp) - n. The green, mutant potato chip found in every bag.
charp (charp) - n. The green, mutant potato chip found in every bag.
cheedle (CHEE dul) - n. The residue left on one's fingertips after consuming a bag of Cheetos.
cheedle (chee' dul) - n. The residue left on one's fingertips after consuming a bag of Cheetos.
chingrip (CHIN grip) - n. The area where the chin meets the neck. Used for holding the pillow when slipping on a pillowcase.
chipfault (chip' fawlt) - n. The stress point on a potato chip where it breaks off and stays behind in the dip.
chocloniverous (choc lo niv' r us) The habit of biting off the head of a solid-chocolate Santa Claus first. 
choconiverous (chahk o NIV ur us) - adj. The tendency when eating a chocolate Easter bunny to bite off the head first.
choconiverous - adj.&nbsp; Biting off the head of the chocolate Easter bunny first.
chwads (chwadz) - n. The small, disgusting wads of bubble gum commonly found beneath table and counter tops.
chwads (chwadz) - n. The small, disgusting wads of chewed gum commonly found beneath table and counter tops.
cigadent (SIG a dent) - n. Any accident involving a cigarette: for instance when it sticks to your lips while your fingers slide off and get burned.
cigadent (sig' a dent) - n. Any accident involving a cigarette: for instance when it sticks to your lips while your fingers slide off and get burned.
cigadent n. Any accident involving a cigarette: for instance when it sticks to your lips while your fingers slide off and get burned. 
cinemuck (SI ne muk) - n.The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which covers the floors of movie theaters.
cinemuck - n. The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which covers the floors of movie theaters.
cinemuck n. The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which covers the floors of movie theaters. 
circlocryogenic theory (sur klo kri o JEN ik THE ur ree) - n. Postulates that no matter which way you turn a glass of ice water, the cubes will to the back. (Further research has established t hat one piece of ice will always stick to the bottom of any empty glass until tapped, at which point it will come forward and smack the drinker on the end of his nose.)
circuloin technique (SUR kew loyn  tek NEEK) - n. The popular approach to steak dining in which one eats around the edges first, then works his way toward the middle.
circuloin technique (sur' kew loyn tek neek') - n. The popular approach to steak dining in which one eats around the edges first, then works his way toward the middle.
circumpopulate (sur kum pop' yew layt') - v. To finish off a popsicle &quot;laterally&quot; because the &quot;frontal&quot; approach causes one to gag.
clumfert (KLUM furt) - n. The invisible extra step at the top and bottom of a staircase.  Usually materializes when one is carrying a large bag of groceries.
clumfert n. The invisible extra step at the top and bottom of a stair-case. Usually materializes when one is carrying a large bag of groceries. 
clunes - n., pl. People who just won't go.
coeggulant (ko EG yu lent) - n. The white things in a plate of scrambled eggs.
combiloops (kom' bih lewps) - n. The two or three unsuccessful passes before finally opening a combination locker.
conagraphs (KOHN a grafs) - n. The raised relief squares on an ice cream cone.
conagraphs (kohn' a grafs) - n. The raised relief squares on an ice cream cone.
continentertinter = The person in a mapmaking company whose job is to decide what color a specific country is going to be.
cornextortion = When you go to the movie theatre and ask for a small popcorn, the guy behind the counter says, "for ONLY 25 cents more you can get a large popcorn". Moviegoers, watch out for this common tactic.
crayolla (kray oh' lee uh) - n. The area on the refigerator where kindergarten drawings are displayed.
creedles (KRE dulz) - n. The colony of microscopic indentations on a golfball.
creedles (kre' dulz) - n. The colony of microscopic indentations on a golf ball.
crinks (krinks) - n. Crevices and junctions where car wax gets in but doesn't get out.
crispthian = Any actor who is hired basically because his name helps sell the cereal, i.e. Captian Crunch. Snap, Crackle, and Pop from "Rice Krispies" are also crispthians. No one would hire them if their names were "Sputter", "Thutter", and "Whizz", would they?
crummox (KRUM oks) - n. The cereal that gets caught between the inner lining and the side of the box.  Also, the leftover amount at the bottom. (Not enough to eat, but too much to throw away. )
cubelo (kyew' beh lo) - n. The one cube left by the person too lazy to refill the ice tray.
curbswell (KERB swel) - n. A seismic condition in which the curb on the passenger side of a car will rise and wedge a car door. The passenger must then climb out and stand on the curb until the swelling goes down.
cushup (kush' up) - v. To sit down on a couch somehow causing the cushion next to you to rise.
darf (darf) - n. The least attractive side of a Christmas tree that ends up facing the wall.
dasho (DA show) - n. The area between a car's windshield and dashboard, where coins, pencils, etc. cannot be humanly retrieved.
delusions of greendeur = Sometimes products will try to pander to you consciousness by claiming to be ozone friendly, environmentally- safe, ... no animal testing required. These products are called "Delusions of Greendeur". For example, Glad bags. It actually says on the back of the box, "Can be incenerated safely, providing more fuel value than wood or coal." What does this mean? You can actually heat your house, cook with Glad bags?
deodorend - n. The last 1/2 inch of stick deodorant that won't turn up out of the tube, and thus cannot be used without inducing lacerations.
deterrency (de TER ren see) - n. The ruined currency found in pants pockets after laundering.
detruncus (de TRUNK us) - n. The embarrassing phenomenon of losing one's bathing shorts while diving into a swimming pool.
detruncus (de trunk' us) - n. The embarrassing phenomenon of losing one's bathing shorts while diving into a swimming pool.
digitritus (dij ih tree' tus) - n. Deposits found between the links of a watchband.
dillrelict (dil rel' ikt) - n. The last pickle in the jar that avoids all attempts to be captured.
dipwavers (dip' way vurz) - n. People who raise their hands when riding on roller coasters.
discombebopulated = Whenever you are driving along and you can't find a house, and you have the address in your hand, and you can't find the address, so you turn the radio down. Somehow, this will help you find the house easier. If you ever find yourself doing this, then you are discombebopulated.
disconfect (dis kon FECT) - v. To sterilize the piece of candy you dropped on the floor by blowing on it, somehow assuming this will "remove" all the germs.
door slinky (dor  SLIN kee) - n. The springy device attached to the back of a door that prevents the door from marring the wall.
doork (dawrk) - n. A person who always pushes on a door marked &quot;pull&quot; or vice versa.
droot (drewt) - n. A Dorito with an unnatural fold in it. 
dublectate (duh BLEK tayt) - v. To misplace one's eyeglasses and eventually discover them atop one's head.
eastroturf n.  The plastic "grass" used to line easter baskets 
ecnalubma (ek na LUB ma) - n. A rescue vehicle which can only be seen in the rear-view mirror.
eddihate - v. To turn off the stereo or television set when a Crazy Eddie commercial appears.
efforex - n., v. Substitute.
eiffelites (eye' ful eyetz) - n. Gangly people sitting in front of you at the movies who, no matter what direction you lean in, follow suit.
elbonics (el BON iks) - n. The action of two people maneuvering for one armrest in a movie theater.
elbonics - n. The actions of two people maneuvering for one armrest in a movie theater.
elbonics n. The actions of two people maneuvering for one arm rest in a movie theater. 
elecelleration (el a cel er AY shun) - n. The mistaken notion that the more you press an elevator button the faster it will arrive.
elecelleration n. The mistaken notion that the more you press an elevator button the faster it will arrive. 
elmerdermis (el mur durm' is) - n. The white sheath that surrounds the nozzle of a glue dispenser.
equatt (E kwat) - n. The pastime of trying to balance the light switch in the exact middle of the wall plate, so that the light is half on, half off.
erdu (UHR dew) - n. The leftover accumulation of rubber particles after erasing a mistake on a test paper.
erdu (uhr' dew) - n. The leftover accumulation of rubber particles after erasing a mistake on a test paper.
escalasticize (esk a LAST i size) - v. To lean against the rail of a moving escalator and have the sensation of being pulled in the opposite directions.
eufirstics (yew fur' stiks) - n. Two people waiting on the phone for the other to hang up first.
euneeblic (you NEE blik) - n. A person who refuses to believe an "out of order" sign and risks his money anyway.
exaspirin (eks as' prin) - n. Any bottle of pain reliever with an impossible-to-remove cotton wad at the top.
execuglide (eks ek' yew glyd)- v. To propel oneself about an office without getting up from the chair.
expressholes (eks PRES holz) - n. People who try to sneak more than the "eight items or less" into the express checkout line.
expressholes n. People who try to sneak more than the "8 items or less" into the express checkout line. 
exxonerated = Lets say that a CERTAIN oil tanker captain gets cranked up and wipes out the Alaskan coastline, but he only gets charged with criminal mischief, which kind of sounds like all he did was tape "kick me" signs to the backs of penguins. Well, then you can describe that captain as "Exxonerated".
famamage (fa mam' aj) - v. To eliminate any annoying engine noise by simply turning up the volume of the radio.
fenderberg (FEN dur burg) - n. The large glacial deposits that form on the insides of car fenders during snowstorms.
fenderberg - n. The large glacial deposits that form on the insides of car fenders during snowstorms.
fenderberg n. The large glacial deposits that form on the insides of car fenders during snowstorms. 
ferroles (fer' olz) - n. The holes in the bottom of a steam iron.
fetchplex (fech' pleks) - n. State of momentary confusion in a dog whose owner has faked throwing the ball and palmed it behind his back.
fictate (fik' tayt) - v. To inform a television or screen character of impending danger under the assumption they can hear you.
finnage (fin' aj) - n. The act of watching your money swallowed up as your groceries ride the conveyor belt at the supermarket.
flammabyte - n. That ever changing address in memory which always causes programs to blow up.
flannister (FLAN is tur) - n. The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
flannister - n. The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
flannister n. The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together. 
flarpswitch (flarp' switch) - n. The one light switch in every house with no function whatsoever.
flen (flen) - n. (chemical symbol: Fl) The black crusty residue that accumulates on the necks of old catsup bottles.
flen (flen) - n. (chemical symbol: Fl) The black crusty residue that accumulates on the necks of old catsup bottles.
fleptic (FLEP tik) - adj. The tendency of soup and dog food lids to slip into the can upon opening.
flimps (flimps) - n. People (usually observed in waiting rooms) who have advanced the Evelyn Wood technique to the point where they can flip througha magazine without ever looking down from the clock.
flintstep (flint' step) - v. To wind up one's feet before running away in fear. Common among cartoon characters.
flirr (flur) - n. A photograph that features the camera operator's finger in the corner.
floles (flolz) - n. The extra (fourth and fifth) holes in notebookpaper. Created in the hopes that one day mankind will perfect a &quot;five ring binder&quot;.
floles (floz) - n. The extra (fourth and fifth) holes in notebook paper. Created in the hopes that oneday mankind will perfect a "five ring binder."
flopcorn (FLOP korn) - n. The unpopped kernels at the bottom of the cooker.
flopcorn (flop' korn) - n. The unpopped kernels at the bottom of the cooker.
flotion (FLO shun) - n. The tendency when sharing a waterbed to undulate for five minutes every time the other person moves.
flotion (flo' shun) - n. The tendency when sharing a waterbed to undulate for five minutes every time the other person moves.
flotta factor (FLAH ta  FAK tur) - n. The proven scientific fact that at a self-service pump, the last ten cents take longer to reach the tank than the first twelve dollars' worth.
flotta factor (flah' ta fak' tur) - n. The proven scientific fact that at a self-service pump, the last ten cents take longer to reach the tank than the first twelve dollars' worth.
flowfright (FLO frite) - n. The desperate attempt by a homeowner to talk his overflowing toilet into backing down.
fluggling (FLUG ul ing) - v. The dangerous practice, in a darkened room, of using one's finger to guide the end of an electrical plug into a wall socket.
flurrant (fluhr' uhnt) - n. The one leaf that always clings to the end of the rake.
flushmania = When you go into a public restroom, and the whole place STINKS AS HELL, you flush ALL the toilets before doing what YOU have to do. (Related to Flushamnesia = When you forget to flush the toilet in a public restroom.)
fods (fahdz) - n. Couples at amusement parks who wear identical T-shirts, presumably to keep from getting lost.
foodwinking = The practice of giving exotic names to otherwise mundane products. For example, "Salsa Rio flavored Doritos"
foys (foyz) - n. Missing pieces of a jigsaw puzzle that you later find stuck to the underside of your arm.
frankfluid (frank flew' id) - n. The liquid at the bottom of hot dog packages.
fraznit (FRAHS nit) - n. Any string hanging from an article of clothing, which when pulled causes the article to completely unravel.
fraznit (frahs' nit) - n. Any string hanging from an article of clothing which when pulled causes the article to completely unravel.
frust (frust) - n. The small line of debris that refuses to be swept onto the dust pan and keeps backing a person across the room until he finally decides to give up and sweep it under the rug.
frustra (frus' trah) - n. The special plastic used in the manufacture of fast-food ketchup packets.
fuffle (fuh' ful) - v. To assume, when dining out, that you are making things easier on the waitress by using the phrase &quot;when you get a chance...&quot;
funch v. The act of turning a pillow over and over trying to find the cool spot. 
furbling (FER bling) - v. Having to wander through a maze of ropes at an airport of bank even when you are the only person in line.
furbling - v. Having to wander through a maze of ropes at an airport or bank even when you are the only person in line.
furbling v. Having to wander through a maze of ropes at an airport or bank even when you are the only person in line. 
furbula (fer' byew luh) - n. The designated chewing area on a dog's back.
furnidents (FER nih dents) - n. The indentations that appear in carpets after a piece of furniture has been removed.
furterus zone (fer TER us  zohn) - n. The empty stretches of bun on either end of a hot dog.
furterus zone (fer ter' us zohn) - n. The empty stretches of bun on either end of a hot dog.
gapiana (ga pee ah' nah) - n. The unclaimed strip of land between the &quot;you are now leaving&quot; and &quot;welcome to&quot; signs when crossing state lines.
gapiana =    The little strip of land between the "You are now leaving" and "You are now entering" signs when you cross from one state into another.
garmites (GAR mitz) - n. Those items of clothing that fit perfectly in the store, but somehow shrink on the way home.
gazinta (gah zin' tuh) - n. Mathematical symbol for division; also the sound uttered when dividing out loud. (Example: "Four gazinta eight twice.")
genderplex (JEN dur pleks) - n. The predicament of a person in a theme restaurant who is unable to determine his or her designated bathroom (e.g., turtles and tortoises).
genderplex - n. The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to determine his or her designated restroom (e.g. turtles and tortoises).
genderplex n. The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to determine his or her designated restroom (e.g. turtles & tortoises). 
geosniglet = Any word that should be in the atlas but isn't.
gertatious (gur TAY shus) - adj. Having the adolescent fear that hanging one's arm over the bed at night will mean being dragged under.
gertatious (gur tay' shus) - adj. Having the adolescent fear that hanging one's arm over the bed at night will mean being dragged under.
gibble (jib' buhl) - n. The sliding keyhole cover on a car trunk. 
gimplexus (gim PLEK sis) - n. The rear area of the thighs, which must be peeled from the car seat on hot summer days.
gimplexus (gim plek' sis) - n. Rear area of thighs, which must be peeled from car seat on hot summer days.
gizzledipplers (gih' zul dip lurz) - n. Those annoying waving hands seen on the back of Winnebagos (placed there by people too lazy to be friendly on their own).
glackett (glak' it) - n. The noisy ball inside a spray-paint can.
gladhandling (GLAD han dling) - n. To attempt, with frustrating results, to find and separate the ends of a plastic-sandwich or trash bag.
gladhandling (glad' han dling) - n. To attempt, with frustrating results, to find and separate the ends of a plastic sandwich or trash bag.
glamp (glamp) - n. The telescopic device used to retrieve golf balls from ponds.
glantics (GLAN tiks) - n. Two people, who, while making out, open their eyes at the same time to see if the other is looking.
glantics n. Two people, who, while making out, open their eyes at the same time to see if the other is looking. 
glarpo (GLAR po) - n. The juncture of the ear and skull where pencils are stored.
gleemites - n. Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
gleemites n. Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks. 
gleemule (GLEE mule) - n. (a unit of measure) One unit of toothpaste, measured from bristle to bristle.  (Not to be confused with GLEEMITES, which are petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.)
gleemule (glee' mule) - n. (a unit of measure) One unit of toothpaste,measured from bristle to bristle. (Not to be confused with GLEEMITES, which are petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.)
glutetic chair (glew TET ik  chair) - adj. A twentieth-century design chair, found most often in movie theaters. The main feature of the Glutetic chair is its ability to keep folding up underneath a person as he tries to force it down with his rear.
gnarmblum (NARM blum) - n. The dry wrinkly area at the end of the elbow.
grackles (GRAK elz) - n. The wrinkles that appear on the body after staying in water too long.
grackles (grak' elz) - n. The wrinkles that appear on the body after staying in water too long.
grantnap (grant' nap) - n. The extra five minutes of sleep you allow yourself that somehow makes all the difference in the world.
greelite (GREE lite) - n. The eerie glow that emanates from beneath escalator steps.
greelite (gree' lite) - n. The eerie glow that emanates from beneath escalator steps.
grinion (GRIN yun) - n. The unsightly indentation in the middle of a belt when it has been worn too long.
grintiger (grin' tuh jer) - n. The numbered code on the back of a greeting card that, when deciphered, reveals the price.
gription (GRIP shun - n. The sound of sneakers squeaking against the floor during basketball games.
gription (grip' shun) - n. The sound of sneakers squeaking against the floor during basketball games.
grisknob (GRIS nahb) - n. The end of a chicken drumstick which always gives the appearance of having more chicken on it.
grisknob (grisd' nahb) - n. The end of a chicken drumstick which always gives the appearance of having more chicken on it.
gromaxes (GROM ack sis) - n. The inside area of the knees used to grip the steering wheel when holding a road map.
gromaxes (grom' ack sis) - n. Inside area of knees used to grip steering wheel when holding a map.
gummerator (gum' uhr ay ter) - n. The pointed rubber object on the end of some toothbrushes.
gurmlish (GURM lish) - n. The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich toothpick which prevents the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof of his mouth.
gurmlish - n. The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich which prevents the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof of his mouth.
gurmlish n. The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich which prevents the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof of one's mouth. 
gyroped (jy'roh ped) - n. A kid who cannot resist spinning around on a diner stool.
hacula (hak' yew luh) - n. The last few inches of tape measure or lawn mower cord that refuses to rewind automatically.
hangle (HAN gul) - n. A cluster of coat hangers. hempannant (HEM pan ent) - n. Any coattail, cuff, or dress hem dangling outside the door of a moving vehicle.
hangle (hang' ul) - n. A cluster of coat hangers.
hawaska =    In an atlas, the rectangular box which contains Hawaii and Alaska and is located just off the coast of Arizona.
hempennant (hem' pen ent) - n. Any coattail, cuff, or dress hem dangling outside the door of a moving vehicle.
hereoglyph = A little stick figure on a mallmanac (see below) that tells you where you are in a mall because you can't tell by yourself because there is no face on it. (Often the words "You Are Here" occur at the bottom of the hereoglyph)
hoaraxiomist - n. A Person who reasons about the meaning of programs.
hozone (HO zohn) - n. The place where one sock in every laundry load disappears to.
hozone (ho' zohn) - n. The place where one sock in every laundry load disappears to.
hozone n. The place where one sock in every laundry load disappears to. 
hudnut (HUD nut) - n. The bolt left over when one has finished reassembling a bicycle or car engine.
hudnut (hud' nuht) - n. The leftover bolt or screw in any &quot;some assembly required&quot; project.
hydralation (hi dra LAY shun) - n. Acclimating oneself to a cold swimming pool by bodily regions: toe-to-knee, knee-to-waist,  waist-to-elbow, elbow-to-neck.
hydralation (hi dra lay' shun) - n. Acclimating oneself to a cold swimming pool by bodily regions: toe-to-knee, knee-to-waist, waist-to-elbow, elbow-to-neck.
hydralation n. Acclimating oneself to a cold swimming pool by bodily regions: toe-to-knee, knee-to-waist, waist-to-elbow, elbow-to-neck. 
hystioblogination (HIS te o blahg in AY shun) - n. The act of trying to identify a gift by holding it to your ear and shaking it. 
hystioblogination (his' te o blahg in ay' shun) - n. The act of trying to identify a gift by holding it to your and shaking it.
icision (ih sih' zhun) - n. Delicate operation performed on Neapolitan-flavored ice cream in which one entire flavor is precisely and systematically removed.
idiot box (ID e ot  bahks) - n. The part of the envelope that tells a person WHERE to palce the stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
idiot box - n. The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
idiot box n. The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the stamp when they can't quite figure it out from themselves. 
ignisecond (IG ni sek und) - n. The overlapping moment of time when the hand is locking the car door even as the brain is saying  "my keys are in there!"
ignisecond n. The over-lapping moment of time when the hand is locking the car door even as the brain is saying "My keys are in there!" 
inkslick (ink' slik) - n. A greasy spot on a piece of stationery or test paper.
irant (eye' rant) - n. A seamless pistachio; a pistachio nut afraid to come out in public.
jiffylust (JI phee lust) - n. The inability to be the first person to carve into a brand-new beautiful jar of peanut butter.
jiffylust (ji' phee lust) - n. The inability to be the first person to carve into a brand-new beautiful jar of peanut butter.
joes of arc (johz' uhv ark) - n. Tiny drops of Mr. Coffee that die on the burner after the pot is removed.
jukejitters (jook' jit erz) - n. Fear that everyone thinks that you picked the awful tune emanating from the jukebox when it was actually the person before you.
kawashock (kah wah shahk') - n. Pulling into the last remaining parking spot only to discover a motorcycle there.
kedophobia (ked oh FO be uh) - n. The fear of having one's sneakers eaten by the teeth on the escalator.
kedophobia (ked oh fo' be uh) - n. The fear of having one's sneakers eaten by the teeth on the escalator.
keyfruit (kee' froot) - n. The one apple, pear, or tomato in the stand that, when removed, causes all the others to tumble forward.
knimpel (NIM pul) - n. The missing last piece of a jigsaw puzzle.
knuck (nuk) - n. Ice cream collected on the back of the hand when scraping the last portions from the box.
krogling (kroh' gling) - n. The nibbling of small items of fruit and produce at the supermarket, which the customer considers &quot;free sampling&quot; and the owner considers &quot;shoplifting&quot;.
krogt (kraht) - n. (chemical symbol: Kr) The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
krogt - n. (chemical symbol: Kr) The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
krogt n. (chemical symbol: Kr) The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards. 
lactomangulation (LAK to man gyu LAY shun) - n. Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk carton so badly that one has to resort to using the "illegal" side.
lactomangulation - n. Manhandling the &quot;open here&quot; spout on a milk carton so badly that one has to resort to using the &quot;illegal&quot; side.
lactomangulation n. Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk carton so badly that one has to resort to using the "illegal" side. 
laminites (LAM in itz) - n. Those strange people who show up in the photo sections of brand-new wallets.
laminites (lam' in itz) - n. Those strange people who show up in the photo section of brand-new wallets.
limalope (ly' muh lohp) - n. The dsigusting foreskin on a lima bean.
linenee (lih nen ee') - n. The member of a two-person folding team at the laundromat who takes the sheet and completes the fold.
lodgecombing (loj' coh ming) - n. Final reconnaissance before vacating a motel room.
loggium (log' yum) - n. Water that drips from one's nose hours after swimming.
lorp (lawrp) - n. The part of the shoe that collapses when you try to pull it on without a shoehorn.
lotshock (LAHT shahk) - n. The act of parking your car, walking away, and then watching it roll past you.
lotshock (laht' shahk) - n. The act of parking your car, walking away, and then watching it roll past you.
lub (lub) - n. The small deposit of spinach that lodges itself between one's teeth.
lub (lub) - n. The small deposit of spinach that lodges itself between one's teeth.
luposlipaphobia - n. The fear of being pursued by timber wolves around a kitchen table while wearing socks on a newly waxed floor.
maggit (MAG it) - n. Any of the hundreds of subscription cards that fall from the pages of a magazine. (pl. MAGGREGATE).
maggit (mag' it) - n. Any of the hundreds of subscription cards that fall from the pages of a magazine. (pl. MAGGREGATE) 
magniphobia ( mag ni FO be uh) - n. The fear that the object in the side mirror is MUCH MUCH closer than it appears.
magnocartic (mag no KAR tik) - n. Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
magnocartic - n. Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
magnocartic n. Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts. 
malibugaloo (mal ih boo' guh lew) - n. A dance that affects barefoot beachgoers on hot summer days.
mallmanac =  In a mall, the giant maze with blocks and numbers on it, otherwise known as the "Directory".
manglazette (mang la ZET) - n. The newspaper at the top of the stack that everyone passes over, believing the ones beneath have better or fresher news.
manillium (mah nil' ee yum) - n. The lifespan of the clasp on a manila envelope before it breaks off and dies.
marp (marp) - n. The impossible-to-find beginning of a roll of cellophane tape.
marp (marp) - n. The impossible-to-find beginning of a roll of cellophane tape.
mastacambulistophile - n. Someone who walks while eating, as from the local coffee and donut stand back to his office.
mattrescotting ( MAT res kot ing) - n. The pattern of gray and white lines on an institutional mattress.
mattrescotting (mat' res kot ing) - n. The pattern of gray and white lines on an instituional mattress.
maypop (MAY pop) - n. A bald tire. memnants (MEM nents) - n. The chipped or broken M&M's at the bottom of the bag.
maypop (may' pop) - n. A bald tire.
mcmonia (muk MOAN ee uh) - n. (chemical symbol: Mc) Noxious gas created by fast-food employee mopping under your table while you're eating.
mcmonia n. (chemical symbol Mc) Noxious gas created by fast-food employee mopping under your table while you're eating. 
merferator (MUR fur ay ter) - n. The cardboard core in a toilet tissue roll.
methylphobia (meth il FO be uh) - n. The fear that you are going to have to pay the one cent you over-pumped at the self-service station.
methylphobia (meth il fo' be uh) - n. The fear that you are going to have to pay for the one cent you over-pumped at the self-service station.
microtrek (my' kro trek) - n. Any nervous trip to the microwave oven to make sure the food hasn't incinerated.
microts (my' krotz) - n. The two thumbnail-sized pieces you end up with when trying to remove a paper towel in a public washroom.
milkdudes =  Any two milk duds fused together by accident. 
mimoids (mim' oydz) - n. People addicted to the smell of newly mimeographed test papers.
mittsquinter (MIT skwint ur) - n. A ball player who looks into his glove after missing the ball, as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
mittsquinter - n. A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball, as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
mittsquinter n. A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball, as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there. 
mopeeps (moh' peeps) - n. People compelled to look through the curtain opening of your motel room as they pass by.
mophenes (MO feenz) - n. The semi-truck headlights that invade your motel room at three in the morning.
mophenes (mo' feenz) - n. The semi-truck headlights that invade your motel room at three in the morning.
motspur (MOT sper) - n. The pesky fourth wheel on a shopping cart that refuses to cooperate with the others.
motspur (mot' sper) - n. The pesky fourth wheel on a shopping cart that refuses to cooperate with the other three. 
mowmuffins ( MO muh finz) - n. The dried accumulation of grass on the underside of lawnmowers.
mowmuffins (mo' muh finz) - n. The dried accumulation of grass on the underside of lawn mowers.
mozzalastics (maht suh las' tiks) - n. Large deposits of cheese that stick to the top of the pizza box.
multipochoholes (mul ti po' cho holz) - n. Wounds left in the test papers from overerasing.
mummabolic chorus (mum uh bah' lik ko' rus) - n. When three or more people are singing along to a tune and suddenly dsiscover they are all faking their way through the unintelligible lyrics.
mumphreys (MUM freez) - n. (a useless sniglet) Those strange extra digits you find on push-button phones.
mumphreys (mum' freez) - n. (a useless sniglet) Those strange extra digits you find on push-button phones.
musquirt (MUS kwirt) - n. The water that comes out of the initial squirts of a squeeze mustard bottle.
musquirt (mus' kwirt) - n. The water that comes out of the initial squirts of a squeeze mustard bottle.
mustgo (MUST go) - n. Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so long that it has become a science project.
mustgo - n. Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so long it has become a science project.
mustgo n. Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so long it has become a science project. 
napjerk (NAP jurk) - n. The sudden convulsion of the body just as one is about to doze off.
narcolepulacy (nar ko LEP ul ah see) - n. The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone else in sight to also yawn.
narcolepulacy (nar ko lep' ul ah see) - n. The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight to also yawn.
narcolepulacy (nar ko lep' ul ah see) n. The contagious act of yawning which causes everyone in sight to also yawn. 
negatile (neh' guh tyl) - n. An area of the bathroom floor where, somehow, the scale registers you five pounds lighter.
neglintics (ne GLIN tiks) - n. The study of why dark lint attaches itself to light clothing and vice versa.
neoice (nee oh ice') - n. Any ice cube removed before its time that upon close examination, resembles a carpenter's level. 
neonphancy (ne ON fan see) - n. A fluorescent light bulb struggling to come to life.
nerkle (NUR kel) - n. A person who leaves Christmas lights up all year.
nerkle n. One who leaves his Christmas lights up all year. 
netsec - n. A Unit of time used in indicating work time lost due to reading net.jokes
neutron peas (new' tron peez) - n. Tiny green objects in TV dinners that remain frozen even when the rest of the food has been microwaved beyond recognition.
nevitts (NEV itz) - n. The sandpaper-like deposits on a cat's tongue.
nevitts (nev' itz) - n. The sandpaper-like deposits on a cat's tongue.
newtrons =   The magnetized particles that amazingly hold some fig newtons together.
nicometer (nik oh mee' tee awr) - n. A cigarette that exits though a car's front window and reenters through the back.
nifleck (nih' flek) - n. The unmarked domino in the set.
nistols ( NIZ tolz) - n. The small rubbery pads on the bottom of a dog's paw.
niz (niz) - n. An annoying hair at the top of a movie screen.
niz (niz) - n. An annoying hair at the top of a movie screen.
nizzlebrill (nih' zuhl bril) - n. The &quot;night-day&quot; switch on a rearview mirror.
nocturnuggets (nok' ter nuh gitz) - n. Deposits found in one's eye upon awakening in the morning, also called: GOZZAGAREENA, OPTIGOOK, EYEHOCKEY, etc.
nozzle, or (b) squirting himself in the eye.
nugloo (NUG lew) - n. The single continuous eyebrow that covers the entire forehead.
nugloo (nug' lew) - n. Single continuous eyebrow that covers the entire forehead. Also known as a Unibrow.
oatamatopoiea = The sound that the cereal "Captain Crunch" makes when you pour milk over it.
oatgap (OHT gap) - n. The empty space in a cereal box created by "settling during shipment."
omnibiblious - adj. Indifferent to type of drink. &quot;Oh, you can get me anything. I'm omnibiblious.&quot;
oopzama (ewp' za muh) - n. Sudden scratching of scalp or face upon realization that the person you were waving at isn't who you thought it was.
opling (OH pling) - n. The act, when feeding a baby, of opening and closing one's mouth, smacking one's lips and making yummy noises, in the hope that baby will do the same.
opling (op' pling) - n. The act, when feeding a baby, of opening and closing one's mouth, smacking one's lips and making &quot;yummy&quot; noises, in the hope that baby will do the same.
optortionist (op TOR shun ist) - n. The kid in school who can turn his eyelids inside out.
optortionist (op tor' shun ist) - n. The kid in school who can turn his eyelids inside out.
oreosis (awr ee oh' sis) - n. The practice of eating the cream center of an Oreo before eating the cookie outsides.
orogami (or oh GA mee) - n. The miraculous folding process that allows Kleenexes to methodically emerge from the box one at a time.
orogami (or oh ga' mee) - n. The miraculous folding process that allows Kleenexes to methodically emerge from the box one ate a time.
orosuctuous (or oh SUK chew us) - adj. Being able to hold a glass to one's face by sheer lung power.
orosuctuous (or oh suk' chew us) - adj. Being able to hold a glass to one's face by sheer lung power.
otisosis (oh tis oh' sis) - n. The inability to meet anyone else's eyes in an elevator.
p-spot (pee' spaht) - n. The area directly above the urinal in public restrooms that men stare at, knowing a glance in any other direction would arouse suspicion.
pajangle (pah jan' gul) - n. Condition of waking up with your pajamas turned 180 degrees.
pediddel (pe DID ul) - n. A car with only one working headlight. (Related to LEDDIDEP: a car with only one working taillight). 
pediddel - n. A car with only one working headlight.
pediddel n. A car with only one working headlight. 
pedlock (PED lahk) - n. The condition of a bicycle pedal wedging itself against the kickstand.
pelp (pelp) - n. The crumbs and food particles that accumulate in the cracks of dining tables.
pelutho - n. A South American ball game. The balls are whacked against a brick wall with a stout wooden bat until the prisoner confesses.
penciventilation (pen si ven ti LAY shun) - n. The act of blowing on the tip of a pencil after sharpening it.
penciventilation (pen si ven ti lay' shun) - n. The act of blowing on the tip of a pencil after sharpening it.
percuburp (PER kyu berp) - n. The final gasp a coffee percolator makes to alert you it is ready.
permapression (pur' muh preh shun) - n. The discovery that there is no real difference in the various cycles of your washing machine.
petonic (peh ton' ik) - adj. One who is embarrassed to undress in front of a household pet.
petribar (PET ri bar) - n. Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in the window of a vending machine too long .
petribar - n. Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in the window of a vending machine too long. 
petribar n. Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in the window of a vending machine too long. 
petrool (PET rul) - n. The slow, seemingly endless strand of motor oil at the end of the can.
petrool (pet' rul) - n. The slow, seemingly endless strand of motor oil at the end of the can.
pewtone (pyu TONE) - n. (chemical symbol: Pu) A major atmospheric component of towns with paper mills.
pewtone (pyu tone') - n. (chemical symbol: Pu) A major atmospheric component of towns with paper mills.
philopologist (fil ah pahl' ah jist) - n. A specialist who loads people onto amusement rides.
phistel (FIS tul) - n. The brake pedal on the passenger side of the car that you wish existed when you're riding with a lunatic.
phistel (fis' tul) - n. The brake pedal on the passenger side of the car that you wish existed when you're riding with a lunatic.
phonesia (fo NEE zhuh) - n. The affliction of dialing a phone number and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer.
phonesia (fo nee' zhuh) - n. The affliction of dialing a phone number and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer.
phonesia n. The affliction of dialing a phone number and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer. 
phosflink (FOS flink) - v. To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow, that will bring it back to life).
phosflink - v. To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow, that will bring it back to life).
phosflink v. To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out, as if somehow that will bring it back to life. 
photoyokel (fo to YO kul) - n. A person who presses the wrong button on a film camera causing it to dismantle.
photoyokel (fo to yo' kul) - n. A person who presses the wrong button on a film camera causing it to dismantle.
photoyokel n. A person who presses the wrong button on a film camera, causing it to dismantle. 
phozzle (FO zul) - n. The buildup of dust on a record needle.
phozzle (fo' zul) - n. The buildup of dust on a record needle.
picklettulance (pik ul ET yu lans) - n. The ability to remember the entire family's order at a fast-food restaurant.
picklettulance (pik ul et' yu lans) - n. The ability to remember the entire family's order at a fast-food restaurant.
pielibrium (pu lih' bree uhm) - n. The point at which the crust on a wedge of pie outweighs the filling and tips it over.
piepushers (py' puh shurz) - n. Attendants at fast-food restaurants who, no matter what you order, try to unload apple or cherry turnovers on you.
piewagon (py' wa gun) - n. The small vehicle that carries games pieces around a Trivial Pursuit board.
pifflesquit (PIF ul skwit) - n. The wire net surrounding the cork of a champagne bottle.
pifflesquit (pif' ul skwit) - n. The wire net surrounding the cork of a champagne bottle.
pigslice (pig' slys) - n. The last unclaimed piece of pizza that everyone is secretly dying for.
pillsburglar (PILZ berg ler) - n. Person able to sample the icing on a new cake without leaving a fingerprint.
pillsburglar (pilz' berg ler) - n. Person able to sample the icing on a new cake without leaving a fingerprint.
piyan (PI an) - n. (acronym: "Plus If You Act Now") Any miscellaneous item thrown in on a late night television ad. (Example: a pitchman trying to sell an all purpose carving knife..."it's the only knife you'll ever need. Plus if you act now, this complete set of steak knives...") 
piyan (pi' an) - n. (acronym: &quot;Plus If You Act Now&quot;) Any miscellaneous item thrown in on a late night television ad.
piyan (pi' an) n. (acronym: "Plus If You Act Now.") Any item thrown in on a late night television ad. 
point blimfark (poynt  BLIM fark) - n. The point at which the wheels on a stagecoach appear to turn in the opposite direction.
polarind (poh' luh rynd) - n. The peeling on a polaroid snapshot. 
porkus non gratis (POR kus non GRAT is) - n. The scraggly piece of bacon at the bottom of the package.
postalports (poh' stul pawrtz) - n. The annoying windows in envelopes that never line up with the address.
premail (pree' mayl) - n. Mail that is placed behind the visor in the car and left for several months before it is finally sent.
premblememblemation (prim blum em blum AY shun) - n. Whenever you drop a letter in the mailbox, you always re-check to make sure it's gone down.
premblememblemation (prim blum em blum ay' shun) n. Whenever you drop a letter in the mailbox, you always re-check to make sure it's gone down. 
pretzaline (pret sah leen') - n. The salt deposit at the bottom of a bag of pretzels.
primpo (prim' po) - n. A person who passes a mirror then has to step back, presumably to reassure himself he still exists.
profanitype (pro FAN i tipe) - n. The special symbols used by cartoonists to replace swear words (points, asterisks, stars, and so on).  It is yet to be determined which specific character represents which specific expletive.
psychophobia (sy ko FO be uh) - n. The compulsion, when using a host's bathroom, to peer behind the shower curtain and make sure no one is waiting for you.
psychophobia n. The compulsion, when using a host's bathroom to peer behind the shower curtain and make sure no one is waiting for you. 
pulpid (puhl' pid) - n. A kid who enjoys the carton more than the item that came in it.
puntificate (puhn tih' fih kayt) - v. To try to predict in what direction a football will bounce.
pupkus (PUP kus) - n. The moist residue left on a window after a dog presses its nose to it.
pupkus (pup' kus) - n. The moist residue left on a window after a dog presses its nose to it.
purpitation (per pi TAY shun) - v. To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you don't want it, and then put it in another section.
purpitation - v. To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you don't want it, and then put it in another section.
purpitation v. To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you don't want it, and then put it in another section. 
refrigerator door in an attempt to catch it before the light comes on. 
reled (ree led') - v. To reset all the digital clocks in the household following a power failure.
retrocarbonic (ret ro kar bon' ik) - n. Any drink machine that dispenses the soda before the cup.
retrocarbonic (ret to kar BON ic) - n. Any drink machine that dispenses the soda before the cup.
riceroach (RYS rohch) - n. The burnt krispie in every bowl of Rice Krispies.
rignition (rig NI shun) - n. The embarrassing action of trying to start one's car with the engine already running.
rignition (rig ni' shun) - n. The embarrassing action of trying to start one's car with the engine already running.
rocktose (ROK tohs) - n. The hard lumps that block the pouring spouts of sugar dispensers.
roebinks (roh' binks) - n. Those mysterious chimes you always hear in department stores.
rovalert (RO val urt) - n. The system whereby one dog can quickly establish an entire neighborhood network of barking.
rovalert (ro' val urt) - n. The system whereby one dog can quickly establish an entire neighborhood network of barking.
rovalert n. The system whereby one dog can quickly establish an entire neighborhood network of barking. 
rubuncles (RU bunk ulz) - n. The bumps on an uncooked chicken.
sark (sark) - n. The marks left on one's ankle after wearing tube socks all day.
sark (sark) - n. The marks left on one's ankle after wearing tube socks all day.
scadink (SKA dink) - n. The annoying buildup of ink on the end of a ball-point pen.
scandroids (SKAN droydz) - n. The striped price codes which mysteriously began appearing on consumer products a few years ago.
schlattwhapper (SCHLAT wap ur) - n. The window shade that allows itself to be pulled down, hesitates for a second, then snaps up in your face.
schnuffel (SCHNUF ul) - n. A dog's practice of continuously nuzzling your crotch in mixed company.
scrabitch (SKRAB ich) - n. The impossible-to-reach area in the middle of the back which can never be scratched.
scribblics (skrih' bliks) - n. Warm-up exercises designed to get the ink in a pen flowing.
scribeline n. The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes. 
scribline (SKRIB line) - n. The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes.
scribline - n. The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes.
scrit (skrit) - n. Anything that's been in the same place for at least fifty years without being used, such as the archaic bottles of hair tonic on a barber's counter.
shirmers - n., pl. Tall young men who stand around smiling at weddings as if to suggest that they know the bride rather well.
shirtlop (SHURT lahp) - n. The condition of a shirt that has been improperly buttoned.
shocklet (shahk' lit) - n. The seldom-used third hole on an electrical outlet.
shoefly (SHEW fliy) - n. The aeronautical terminology for a football player who misses the punt and launches his shoe instead.
shoefly (shew' fliy) - n. The aeronautical terminology for a football player who misses the punt and launches his shoe instead.
shuggleftulation (shug lef tuyl AY shun) - n. The actions two people approaching, trying to get around each other, and muttering  "thanks for the dance."
shuggleftulation (shug lef tuyl ay' shun) n. The actions of two people approaching, trying to get around each other and muttering "thanks for the dance." 
shuzma (shuhz' muh) - n. The portion of window cleaner that the spray tube can no longer reach.
sirlines (SIR lines) - n. The lines on a grilled steak. 
sirlines (sir' lines) - n. The lines on a grilled steak.
slackjam (SLAK jam) - n. The condition of being trapped in one's own trousers while trying to pull them on without first removing the shoes.
slackjam (slak' jam) - n. The condition of being trapped in one's own trousers while trying to pull them on without first removing shoes.
sloopage (SLU paj) - n. The tendency of hot dogs, hamburgers, and sandwich contents to slip from between their covers.
slopweaver (lsahp' wee vuhr) - n. Someone who has mastered the art of repositioning the food on his plate to give the appearance of having consumed a good portion of it.
slotgreed (SLOT greed) - n. The habit of checking every coin return one passes for change.
slotgreed n. The habit of checking every coin return one passes for change. 
slottery and vendication (slot' er ee and ven' di kay shun) - n. A public misdemeanor in which a person gambles on a vending machine, loses, and tries to exact revenge by kicking it.
slurch (slerch) - n. The combination &quot;ouch&quot; and slurping noise one makes when eyeing someone else's bad sunburn.
slurm (slerm) - n. The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when it sits in the dish too long.
slurm - n. The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when it sits in the dish too long.
slurm n. The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when it stands in the dish too long. 
slutures (SLEW chers) - n. The four white threads that protrude from Levis after the tag has been removed.
snackmosphere (snak' moh sfeer) - n. The empty but explosive layer of air at the top of a potato chip bag.
snackmosphere = The 95% air inside bags of potato chips.
snacktrek - n. The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly returning to the refrigerator in hopes that something new will have materialized.
snacktrek n. The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly returning to a refrigerator in hopes that something new will have materialized. 
snargle (snar' gul) - v. To lessen the visual impact of a horror movie by filtering it through one's fingers.
sniffleridge (SNIF ul rij) - n. The trough leading from the nose to the upper lip.
sniglet (snig'lit) - n. Any word that doesn't appear in the dictionary, but should.
snorfing (SNORF ing) - n. The little game waitresses love to play of waiting until your mouth is full before sneaking up and asking, "Is everything okay?"
snowphobia n.  The fear of being a flake. 
snuggage (snuh 'gaj) - n. The act of retying both shoestrings when only one needed it.
somnambapologist (som nam ba pol' uh jist) - n. Person too polite to admit he was sleeping even when awakened at three in the morning.
spagellum (spa gel' um) - n. The loose strand on each forkful of spaghetti that beats one about the chin and whiskers.
spagmump n. Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order items. 
spagmumps (SPAG mumps) - n. Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order items. (Also, SPAGBULLIONS: custom fitted Styrofoam blocks that accompany stereo equipment.)
spagmumps - n. Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order items.
speclums (SPEK lums) - n. The minuscule bumps on a strawberry.
speclums (spek' lums) - n. The miniscule bumps on a strawberry. 
speraws (SPER awz) - n. The pinched marks on the ends of hot dogs.
speraws (sper' awz) - n. The pinched marks on the ends of hot dogs.
spibble (SPIB ul) - n. The metal barrier on a rotary phone that prevents you from dailing past 0.
spirobits (SPY ro bits) - n. The frayed bits of left- behind paper in a spiral notebook.
spirobits - n. The frayed bits of left-behind paper in a spiral notebook.
spirobits n. The frayed bits of left-behind paper in a spiral notebook. 
spirtle (SPUR tul) - n. The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye.
spirtle - n. The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye.
spirtle n. The spray from a grapefruit that always lands in your eye. 
spood (spewd) - n. Flat wooden "spoon" that accompanies ice cream cups. 
spork (spork) - n. The combination spoon/fork you find in fast food restauraunts.
sprachett (SPRA chit) - n. The rubber bar at a checkout counter that separates one load of groceries from another.
sprout lines (sprowt lynz) - n. Visible lines at the bottom of trouser legs where the hems have been let down.
spubbling (SPUB ling) - v. The superhuman feat of trying to wash one's hands and manipulate the "water saving" faucets at the same time.
spudrubble (spud' rubb uhl) - n. Unclaimed french fries at the bottom of a fastfood bag.
squaffles (skwa' felz) - n. The individual squares comprising a waffle.
squalkeenus (skwal KE nus) - n. The shock syndrome that comes from biting into a popsicle with one's front teeth.
squalkeenus (skwal ke' nus) - n. The shock syndrome that comes from biting into a popsicle with one's front teeth.
squanderprint (skwan' duhr print) - n. Directions that try to make you use up a product faster than you normally would. (Ex.: Apply shampoo. Lather. Rinse. Repeat.)
squatcho (SKWATCH oh) - n. The button at the top of a baseball cap.
squatcho (skwatch' oh) - n. (another useless sniglet) The button at the top of a baseball cap.
squatcho - n. The button at the top of a baseball cap.
squatcho n. The button at the top of a baseball cap. 
squatic diversion (skwa' tik dy vur' zhun) - n. Any pretended activity that commands a dog owner's attention while the dog relieves itself on a neighbor's lawn.
squigger (skiwg' uhr) - n. A cherry tomato that explodes upon contact with a fork.
stroodle (STRU dul) - n. The annoying strand of cheese stretching from a slice of hot pizza to one's mouth.
stroodle (stru' dul) - n. The annoying strand of cheese stretching from a slice of hot pizza to one's mouth.
stroodle n. The annoying strand of cheese stretching from a slice of hot pizza to one's mouth. 
strumble (STRUM bul) - n. That visible object you always pretend made you trip, when it was actually your own stupid clumsiness.
sturp (sterp) - v. To pin down a runaway peice of paper or currency with one's foot before the wind blows it away.
sturp v. To pin down a runaway piece of paper or currency with one's foot before the wind blows it away. 
sub-atomic toasticles = The little bits of toast that somehow always get stuck on the stick of butter.
subnougate (sub NEW get) - v. To eat the bottom caramels in a candy box and carefully replace the top level, hoping no one will notice.
subnougate (sub new' get) - v. To eat the bottom caramels in a candy box and carefully replace the top level, hoping no one will notice.
succubeebish (suk yu BE bish) - n. The gelatinous substance found surrounding canned hams and Vienna sausages.
superfluholes (sup ur FLEW holz) - n. (another useless sniglet) The phony holes on speaker covers, put there to match the ones that actually surround the speaker.
swazna (SWAZ nuh) - n. The thin, disgusting membrane that connects the bottom of the tongue to the top of the jaw, presumably to hold it in place.
swaznia (swaz' nuh) - n. The thin, disgusting membrane that connects the bottom of the tongue to the top of the jaw, presumably to hold it in place. 
table snorkeling (tay' bul snawrk' ling) - n. Frantic gesticulations when one bites into hot food and has to take in air to cool it off.
table snorkeling n.  The act of sucking in air when you've eaten food that's too hot. 
telecrastination (tel e kras tin AY shun) - n. The act of always letting the phone ring at least twice before you pick it up, even when you're only six inches away.
telecrastination (tel e kras tin ay' shun) - n. The act of always letting the phone ring at least twice before you pick it up, even when you're only six inches away.
telepression (tel e PRE shun) - n. The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not try hard enough to "look up the number on your own" and instead put the burden on the directory assistant.
telepression - n. The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not try hard enough to &quot;look up the number on your own&quot; and instead put the burden on the directory assistant.
telepression n. The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not try hard enough to "look up the number on your own" and instead put the burden on the directory assistant. 
telletiquette (tel et' ih ket) - n. The polite distance kept by one person behind another at an automatic teller machine (so as not to be suspected of trying to glimpse that person's secret code).
testlice (test' lys) - n. Those tiny bugs that invade your hair when you're taking an exam.
testlice n. The bugs that invade one's hair while he is trying to take an exam.
the cranial stomp (the kray' nee uhl stomp) - n. A somewhat primitive dance performed by youngsters trying to step on the heads of their shadows.
thermalophobia (thur muh lo FO be uh) - n. The fear when showering that someone will sneak in, flush the toilet, and scald you to death.
thermalophobia (thur muh lo fo' be uh) - n. The fear when showering that someone will sneak in, flush the toilet, and scald you to death.
thermalophobia n. The fear when showering that someone will sneak in, flush the toilet, and scald you to death. 
thernot (THER not) - n. The cardboard rod on a hanger that prevents creasing in pants.
thrickle (THRI kel) - n. The itch in the back of the throat which can't be scratched without making disgusting barnyard-type noises.
thrickle (thri' kel) - n. The itch in the back of the throat which can't be scratched without making disgusting barnyard-type noises.
thus relieving the drinker from (a) having to suck the
tidnab - n. The opposite of a bandit; one who surreptitiously leaves items, as a neighbor who leaves some of his bumper crop of summer squash on your doorstep.
tiefright (TY fryt) - n. The fear that no matter which way you turn the twist-tie on a loaf of bread, it is the wrong direction.
tile comet (tyl  KOM it) - n. Any streamer of toilet paper attached to your heel as you emerge from a public restroom.
tirequills (TYR kwills) - n. The small rubbery protrusions on new tires.
toastate (TOHS tayt) - v. To impatiently pop toast up and down in the toaster, thus increasing the likelihood of burning it.
tolloaf (TOE lohf) - v. Act of missing a toll basket and having to climb out of your car to retrieve the coin.
tricklemicrochips - n. Those little tiny broken pieces of Doritos that seem to trickle to the bottom of the bag or bowl no matter what.
tritz (trits) - n. The holes in saltine crackers. twinch (twinch) - n. The movement a dog makes with its head when it hears a high-pitched noise.
turfigee and pedigee (ter' fih jee and ped' ih jee) - n. The two extreme target points of a rotary lawn sprinkler, TURFIGEE being the safest point at which to walk past, PEDIGEE being the most dangerous.
twinch (twinch) - n. The movement a dog makes with its head when it hears a high-pitched noise.
uclipse (yew' klips) - n. The dangerous arc into another lane made by drivers just before executing a turn.
ufluation (yu flu ay' shun) - n. The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly returning to the refigerator in hopes that something new will have materialized.
ufuation (yu flu AY shun) - n. The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly returning to the refrigerator in  hopes that something new will have materialized.
uhfage (UFF aj) - n. The unit for determining a television's age, that is, the amount of time it takes for the picture to appear once the set has been turned on.
uhfage (uff' aj) - n. The unit for determining a television's age, that is, the amount of time it takes for the picture to appear once the set has been turned on.
umbrace (uhm' brays) - n. The small strap that holds an umbrella in place.
upuls (YU puls) - n.  The blank pages at the beginning and end of books, presumably placed there so you can rewrite the ending.
upuls (yu' puls) - n. The blank pages at the beginning and end of books, presumably placed there so you can rewrite the ending.
vacation Elbow (vay kay' shun el' bo) - n. A condition that suddenl develops in a father's arm during a vacation trip that allowed him to reach out and slap you from incredible distances.
vegiludes - n.&nbsp; Individual peas or kernels of corn that you end up chasing all over the plate with your fork.
voitlock (voyt' lok) - n. When the basketball gets lodged between the rim and the backboard.
vulcant (VUL kant) - n.  (chemical symbol: Vu) The stale air that emanates from a flat tire.
waftic (wahf' tik) - adj. Describes any person in whose direction campfire or barbeque smoke always blows.
warbloid (WAR bloyd) - n.  The tiny device in cassette players that eats tapes.
warbloid (war' bloyd) - n. The tiny device in cassette players that eats tapes.
wattbobble (WAT bah bul) - v.  To remove a hot light bulb by turning it several seconds, letting your fingers cools, then repeating the process.  This is generally followed by the glorious revelation of using your shirttail.
wattbobble (wat' bah bul) - v. To remove a hot light bulb by turning it several seconds, letting your fingers cool, then repeating the process. This is generally followed by the glorious revelation of using your shirttail.
werxilation (wurks ul AY shun) - n.  The property of some screen doors to start to slam shut only to catch themselves at the last moment and "float" to a gentle close.
werxilation (wurks ul ay' shun) - n. The property of some screen doors to start to slam shut only to catch themselves at the last moment and &quot;float&quot; to a gentle close.
wily's law (WI leez law) - n.  The only know exception to Newton's Law of Gravity, Wily's Law states that an animal or person can suspend himself in midair provided (a) he is in a cartoon, and (b) he doesn't look down and realize he is no longer on solid ground.
window.
wondracide (WUN druh side) - n.  The act of murdering a piece of bread with a knife and cold butter.
woowad (wew' wad) - n. Giant clumps of stuck-together rice served at Chinese restaurants.
wurblet (WER blit) - n.  The line of moisture on one's trousers that comes from leaning against a wet counter in a public restroom.
xiidigitation (ksi dig TAY shun) - n.  The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made by deciphering the roman numerals at the end of the credits.
yardribbons (yard RIB onz) - n.  The unmowed patches of grass discovered after one has put away the mower.
yardribbons (yard rib' onz) - n. The unmowed patches of grass discovered after one has put away the mower.
yink (yinc) - n. One strand of hair that covers a bald spot. 
yinkel (YIN kul) - n.  A person who combs his hair over his bald spot, hoping no one will notice.
yinkel - n. A person who combs his hair over his bald spot, hoping no one will notice.
yinkel n. A person who combs his hair over his bald spot, hoping no one will notice. 
yorange (YAWR anj) - n.  Those disgusting white threads that hang from an orange after it has been peeled.
yorange (yawr' anj) n. Those disgusting white threads that hand from an orange after it has been peeled 
yotate (yoh' tayt) - v. To allow a yo-yo to unwind itself.
zeept (zeept) - n. The accumulation of dead insects around an electric bug fryer.
zerblot (zur' blaht) - n. The last kid picked in any neighborhood sporting event.
zibula (ZI bew luh) - n.  The plastic spine which model car parts come attached to.
zimeter (ZI me tur) - n.  (a unit of measure) The last four of five inches of tape that never rewind automatically.
zipcuffed (zip' cuft) - v. To be trapped in one's trousers by a faulty zipper.
zipple (ZI pul) - n. A broken poptop on a beer or soda can. 
zizzebots (ZI ze botz) - n. The mark on the bridge of one's nose visible when glasses are removed.
zizzebots n. The marks on the bridge of one's nose visible when glasses are removed. 
zyxnoid (ZIKS noid) - n.  Any word that a crossword puzzler makes up to complete the last blank, accompanied by the rationalization that there probably is an ancient god named Ubbbu, or German river named Wfor, and besides, who's going to check?
